'''
Additionally, your executive summary should include which algorithm you think will perform better on the test set,
and your support for that decision. Based on your model development process, include estimates for the test AUCs for each model. 
The estimates should be in a table and rounded to four decimal places.
Finally, describe how you would demonstrate to a business partner that one model is better than the other without 
using a scoring metric:

INTRODUCTION:
Logistic regression (GLM), Linear regression and KNN (SLM) are my three favorite classification models.
All of them are simple, easy to use, and implement and should be the classification models
for every data scientist learns. Therefore, I chose KNN as my second data model. 
In this particular exercise, the KNN generated an AUC of 0.9595. 
The logistic regression produced an AUC of 0.6216. I additionally performed a linear regression
for fun which produced a 0.9189 AUC. Therefore, the KNN and linear regression provided better results than the 
logistic regression. However, I believe I could improve the logistc regression results by finding
certain columns that might not be revelant and giving the better columns a higher value. 

KNN Classification Supervised Learning Model:
The major disavantage of KNN is slow runtime since KNN has to calculate distance between points.
When there are more than 50,000 rows, KNN can become slow.
With only 10,000 rows, I knew that KNN would not have a runtime issue in this case.
This made KNN the perfect second choice for my classification model.
Also, KNN is sensitive to missing data points and outliers.
The data was successfully cleaned using simple techniques for now.

My error_rate said that 3 was the best performer for n_neighbors. 
KNN initial precision was 0.894, however, this number was a bit decieving because I had used 
model = KNeighborsClassifier(n_neighbors = 5.) 
When I tried model = KNeighborsClassifier(n_neighbors = 7),
precision dropped to  0.82. 

LOGISTIC REGRESSION:
Logistic regression requires a lot of datasets. 
In this case, it was not an issue as there were 10,000 rows for less than 100 features.
Some believe that there should be 10x more rows than features. This fit this description.
Overfitting is an isssue if there are more features than datapoints. 
One disavantage of logistic regression is scaling features.

LINEAR REGRESSION:
As expected, the linear regression performed better than logistic with a 0.9189 AUC.
One disavantage of linear regression is it is prone to overfitting and outliers. 
However, the model performed well even without removing any outliers. 

DEMONSTRATE TO BUSINESS MODEL:
When describing a data model (especially to a non techncal person), it is best to use simple and give
a short business answer. Also, using a simple data model is easier for other employees and customers to 
understand. Therefore, using linear, logistic, and KNN are good models to use.

A good example would be this: "This model is better because it had a higher r-squared. 
The higher the r-squared the better the probability. R2 adjusts for the amount of datapoints so it is
a well trusted probability."

A bad example describing a data model (especially to a non technicial person) would be using 
complex words (often just to "look smart") that people will not understand.
For example, "Support Vector model is the better model because it uses data points that are closer to the hyperplane and 
influence the position and orientation of the hyperplane to maximize the margin of the classifier."

This answer is not visually appealing and would be hard for someone to understand. 
Oftentime, the best way to describe a model is to your graphs and data visualizing. 
I know that when I first learned KNN nearest means a simple graph ("is this a cat or dog") helped me understand
the KNN data model rather than reading scholarly articles on it. In summary, sometimes simple is better. 

Additional Notes:
'x3'  removed due data not being a number
'x7'  removed due data not being a number
'x19' removed due data not being a number
'x24' removed due data not being a number
'x30' removed for having too much missing data
'x31' removed due data not being a number
'x33' removed due data not being a number
'x39' removed due data not being a number
'x42' removed for having too much missing data
'x44' removed for having too much missing data
'x49' removed for having too much missing data
'x52' removed for having too much missing data
'x57' removed for having too much missing data
'x58' not useful data, repeating same number
'x60' removed for having too much missing data
'x65' removed for having too much missing data
'x67' not useful data, repeating same number
'x77' removed due data not being a number
'x93' removed due data not being a number
'x99' removed due data not being a number
'''
